[Fix] Invalid Destination Domain Throws (#189)
SAP/cloud-sdk-java: release_notes.md

## 🐛 Fixed Issues

> - Invalid destination domain names now throw a DestinationAccessException when executing a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix an issue where an invalid URL in a destination would lead to an empty hostname.
  Now a `DestinationAccessException` will be thrown upon executing a request, if the URL domain contains a hostname that violates [RFC 2396](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2396.txt).
```

> - Invalid destination domain names now throw a DestinationAccessException when executing a request.

Reviewer 2: I don't know, I'm still of the opinion: maybe we are doing it wrong:

<details><summary>Instead of extracting "host" and "user info", we could just extract "authority"</summary>

![image](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-java/assets/22489773/4dde42d9-9ffe-47b1-9fd7-b0139c719d64)

![image](https://github.com/SAP/cloud-sdk-java/assets/22489773/8044bb9f-7417-4783-a662-80146ab4babd)

</details>
